today a baffled lady observed the show
when my soul dwells are announced that
I'm articulate which means that when it
comes to enunciation and diction I don't
even think of it cuz I'm articulate so
when my professor asks a question and my
answer is tainted with the connotation
of urbanized suggestion is no
misdirected intention pay attention cuz
I'm articulate so when my father asked
what kind of thing is this my articulate
answer never goes amiss I say father
this is the impending problem at hand
and when I'm on the block I switch it up
just because I can so when my boy says
what's good with you son I said I just
followed with them people but I'd done
and sometimes in class I might pause the
intellectual sound and flow to ask you
why these books never be about my
peoples yes I have decided to treat all
three of my languages as equal because
I'm articulate but who controls
articulation because the English
language is a multi-faceted oration
subject to indefinite transformation now
you may think that it is ignorant to
speak broken English but I'm here to
tell you that even articulate Americans
sound foolish to the British so when my
professor comes on the block and says
hello I stop him and say no your being
in articulate the proper way is to say
was good now you may think that's too
hood that's not cool
but I'm here to tell you even our
language has rules so when mommy mocks
me and says y'all be mad going to the
store I say mommy no that sentence is
not following the law never does the
word mad go before a present participle
that's simply the principle of this
English if I had the vocal capacity I
would sing this from every mountaintop
every suburbia and every hood because
the only god of language
the one recorded in the genesis of this
world saying it is good so I may not
always come before you with excellency
of speech but do not judge me by my
language and assume that I'm too
ignorant to teach because I speak three
tongues one for each home school and
friends I'm a child lingual or Raider
sometimes I'm consistent with my
language now they switch it up so I
don't bore later sometimes I fight back
two tongues while I use the other one in
the classroom and when I mistakenly
mixed them up I feel crazy like I'm
cooking in the bathroom I know that I
had to borrow your language because
mines were stolen but you can't expect
me to speak your history wholly while
mine is broken these words are spoken by
someone who is simply fed up with the
eurocentric ideals of the season and the
reason I speak a composite version of
your language is because Mars was raped
the way you learn with my history I
speak broken English of the profusing
gashes can remind us that our current
state is not a mystery I'm so tired of
the negative images that are driving my
people mad so unless you've seen it rob
a bank
stop calling my hair bad I'm so sick of
this nonsensical racial disparity so
don't call it good unless your hair is
known for donating to charity as much as
has been raped away from our people
how can you expect me to treat their
imprint or your language as anything
less than equal let there be no
confusion let there be no hesitation
this is not a promotion of ignorance
this is a linguistic celebration that's
why I put trilingual on my last job
application
I can help to diversify your consumer
market is all I wanted them to know when
when they call me for the interview I'll
be more than happy to show it I can say
what's good what I wan and of course
hello because I'm articulate
you